Pluto Tianlong
Shenzhuo Longzhe
Didn't you say you were going to fight for me?
how
What do you think the police do to me?
Can't you?
Did you forget that I still have trump cards?
Is there any other trump card?
Take it out
Ha ha.
Are you married to Jiang Bingyao?
Yes so what
Hahaha, the Beidoujiang family has my undercover agent.
Your ancestral home on the outside means nothing
Jiang Bingyao's parents are already in my hands
And you know what?
I hate people threatening me the most in my life
If you threaten you, you have to kill me, hahaha.
Huo Di is my right-hand man
The pirate king didn't call me for 10 minutes
Jiang Mingyao's parents will become corpses
Hahahaha
Ah!
Hello wife husband
The Hades kidnapped my parents
I want you to go by name
Oh, I see.
I'll be right back.
What about my meson?
Are you going to trade your in-laws for my life?